feat: add comments about no data from benchs (#80)
lamalab-org/chembench-paper: src/tex/appendix.tex

In addition to the manual review, we also performed automated checks to ensure the quality of the questions. The schemas, Latex templating, and other formatting aspects are checked automatically using GitHub Actions.

> While adding questions from existing benchmarks seemed to be another good source of semi-automatically generated data, we prioritize diversity of the data and avoiding data contamination while addressing the guidelines above and in \Cref{sec:desired-properties}.
> Therefore, we decided to not include questions from other previous published chemistry-focused benchmarks into the \chembench corpus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While adding questions from existing benchmarks might seem to be another good source of semi-automatically generated data, we prioritized the diversity of the data and avoided data contamination while addressing the guidelines above and in \Cref{sec:desired-properties}.
However, even though we decided not to include questions from other previously published chemistry-focused benchmarks into the \chembench corpus, the framework is flexible enough to be readily extended with questions from other benchmarks.
```
